Welcome home to one of the most coveted streets in Morningside, spanning from Virginia Highland to Morningside, Lanier Boulevard is easily the most walkable street in the area. A very easy sidewalk stroll to all the shops and restaurants in Morningside Village, Virginia Highland Village, and the brand new MES Elementary campus! Situated on this quaint, quiet tree-lined street with a divided median for extra peace of mind, this home welcomes you with all the character of a cottage built in 1930! Updates and meticulous maintenance make living here comfortable, current and carefree. The current owners have put a whole lot of love into both the inside and outside with fabulous, unique landscaping. The three bedroom plus bonus room bungalow has the most darling entry, a hard-to-find garage, gated driveway and the icing on this cake is the fantastic kitchen! An abundance of cabinets, stone counters, and a new gas range with high BPU and simmer will make cooking a pleasure on the rare occasion that you don't want to walk to the bakery or a restaurant! New Pella double-pane windows throughout let in so much natural light, and beautiful original hardwood floors are in pristine condition. The fireside great room is spacious and warm with new gas logs and a wall of windows. Entertaining family and friends is comfortable with the separate dining room just steps from the family room and kitchen. Note that the wiring and lighting have been updated for safety and beauty. A spacious laundry room is centrally located for convenience. Many original features of the home have been kept intact for historical charm, like a built in cabinet, register covers and more. Two secondary bedrooms share a charming renovated bathroom. The primary suite has a gorgeous bathroom and very generous custom closet. An additional bonus room provides many options, a playroom, office, home gym, the options are endless. The renovated garage provides extra storage. You will feel like you can have your own farm to table dining in the middle of the city, with established plants including strawberries, blueberries, grapes, lemongrass, chives, cherries, pears and figs. After an alfresco dinner, relax by the new firepit and enjoy your own slice of heaven in the most popular neighborhood in Atlanta!