Upon entering the secure gated entrance to this exclusive 3.7-acre property, adjacent to a 30+ acre nature preserve, you will discover an unparalleled ultra-modern 5-bedroom, 6-full bathroom, and 3-half bath home. Boasting captivating views of a tranquil lake with a water fountain, dock, teak boat, boat house, and waterfall/creek area, this property is truly a one-of-a-kind gem. You'll approach the main entrance through a stunning grand limestone entrance with a bridge that crosses a courtyard with a water feature, and a ribbed Corten Steel element that houses the powder room on the main level and a half bathroom below. The contemporary masterpiece features expansive glazing throughout the house, maximizing wall space to showcase any art collection. The large living room is adorned with a double-sided Montigo fireplace, a two-toned limestone plank surround, and full-height windows on either side to highlight the views and access the connecting cantilevered decks with an outdoor grilling area overlooking the picturesque property. The gourmet kitchen is a sight to behold with underlit quartz countertops, top-of-the-line appliances, and a custom glass cut backsplash, which flows effortlessly into the dining room with glossy black tiled wrapped walls and ceiling that extends across the floor, highlighted with a Swarovski Crystal chandelier. The private owner's suite is a haven complete with a chiseled limestone fireplace, a sitting area, and a private covered deck with stairs leading to the backyard. The luxurious bathroom is fitted with a steam shower, custom glass cabinets, a make-up vanity, and a Toto air bathtub. The oversized owner's closet features custom manufactured purple color-backed glass cabinetry. Additionally, this level includes a fully mirrored powder room with a custom door handle, an office overlooking the water feature, a glass elevator with interior and exterior doors leading to the stunning pool area, and a laundry room. Upstairs, a glass landing area overlooks the main living area of this home, leading to a guest bedroom with gold onyx floors, a wall of frosted glass, custom hanging lights, a private covered deck, and a bathroom offering beautiful onyx countertops and an oversized shower. The full finished terrace level features a large family room with state-of-the-art media equipment, a full kitchen, glass doors leading to the backyard area, and a PGA Tour AG Curve Golf Simulator room with a camera video system, putting area, custom bar, and embossed crocodile paneled walls, which could double as a media room. This level also includes a third bedroom with private doors leading to a covered deck area, a bathroom with a free-standing soaking tub, an oversized tiled shower, and onyx countertops. The recently completed attached guest house features a family room with 180-degree views of the lake and water fountain, a motorized lift TV, paneled ceilings, a gourmet kitchen with stone countertops, and a powder room with a custom vanity. The second owner's suite includes a walk-in custom closet and a luxurious bathroom enhanced with a Legna bathtub and sinks, a custom rain shower with an LED integrated lighting system, and Onyx countertops. The terrace level offers a full kitchen, a large family room area with a La Catina multi-slide door system that completely opens to the inviting black onyx pebble tech infinity-edged pool with an integrated spa, full technology light system, and is surrounded by a massive limestone deck, a grill area, and ample outdoor entertaining spaces. This level also includes a pool bathroom, a guest bedroom with a custom sliding door, a full bathroom, an all-encased glass exercise room, a laundry room, a solid brass wine cellar with two refrigerators, and a two-lane shooting range with an air filtration system.