Signature luxury is synonymous with Chestnut Hall, a European inspired English Tudor estate where elegant gates welcome you to over 18 acres of rolling lawn and wooded privacy straddling North Buckhead and Sandy Springs. French antique statuary dot the secluded and landscaped garden areas where the impressive interior is exquisitely furnished with curated European antiques and impressive displays of notable antique, art collections and classic furnishings to complement this timeless estate! Guests enter in through the 19th century Parisian wrought iron front doors to a gallery accented with Venetian plaster walls, French guilt bronze chandelier, Versailles pattern parquet flooring, and ceiling medallions modeled after the CNew WingC at the Vatican Museum. The left wing off the foyer highlights a 19CO library with custom bookcases and Baccarat crystal basket chandelier and secluded den with private office nook. A formal living room and oversized solarium step down from the gallery separating both with a two-sided gas log fireplace. These rooms are ideal for gatherings that can easily flow outside to the grand Jerusalem stone terrace overlooking the vast rear lawn, landscaped gardens, pool and pool house. The chef curated kitchen features an elevator, luxury appliances, custom bronze vent hood, granite counter tops, dual islands, custom Lyptus wood cabinetry, and balcony providing breath taking views of the vast lawn and gardens. Early 19th century English Monastary entry doors unveil a gracious dining room accented with velvet upholstered walls, Thermadore wine locker and oversized 19th century Chippendale style breakfront complete with heirloom china and separate bar. Beyond the formal living room is the lavish ownerCOs suite with lush carpeting, silk fabric walls, gilt bronze Rock Crystal and Amethyst chandelier adorned by Sienna marble floors in the loggia seating area offering French doors to a private balcony. The owner's suite includes 2 generous size walk-in closets and a spa like bath with a show stopping Onyx tub and 18 karat gold plated faucet. Below the owner's suite is the primary home office with French doors and balcony with identical views as the ownerCOs suite above. The terrace level offers an extensive home gym encompassing every machine imaginable throughout 2 spacious rooms with adjoining full bath including both steam and dry saunas. A pair of antique Parisian bronze mausoleum doors leads you into a climate controlled wine room accommodating up to 1, 000 bottles. Finishing the terrace level is a garden room bathed in natural sunlight with 12CO ceiling, curved marble stairs, gilt bronze chandelier including a bar with seating and French doors that open to the vast lawn and gardens. Once outside, a short stroll down a manicured path leads you to a beautiful key hole shaped pebble tec saline pool and grand, yet cozy pool house with cedar shake roof, full kitchen, living room, bedroom, bath and laundry. A separate 4-bedroom guest house is nestled in the woods and would be perfect as a recording studio. This sought-after tranquility is convenient Chastain, Buckhead, boutique shops, fine dining and interstate access to both regional and international airports.